Add note about replacing "Origin errors" with EA App to FAQ (#168)
R2Northstar/NorthstarWiki: docs/faq.md

### Q: Why is my game running so bad? <a href="#faq-performance" id="faq-performance"></a>

A: This usually lies behind your computer's specs not being high enough in order to run the game, but can also be affected by EA App's overlay. You can disable this by going to and following the [disable EA overlay section](installing-northstar/troubleshooting.md#ea-overlay).

> ### Q: Why does my game tell me there's an issue with Origin when I don't have origin? <a href="#ea-replaced-origin" id="faq-ea-replaced-origin"></a>

Reviewer: typo ^^

```suggestion
### Q: Why does my game tell me there's an issue with Origin when I don't have Origin? <a href="#ea-replaced-origin" id="faq-ea-replaced-origin"></a>
```

> A: Titanfall 2 (and other EA games) used to use a program called [Origin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_(service) to play games, however this has since been replaced by the EA App. This change, however, did not update the game's errors about Origin to say EA App, so any time you see that there's an issue with Origin, you can replace mention of Origin with the EA App.

Reviewer: Missed a bracket :P
Also, newlines for good measure ^^

```suggestion
A: Titanfall 2 (and other EA games) used to use a program called [Origin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_(service)) to play games, however this has since been replaced by the EA App.
This change, however, did not update the game's errors about Origin to say EA App, so any time you see that there's an issue with Origin, you can replace mention of Origin with the EA App.
```

Reviewer: Actually not sure how GitBook deals with nested brackets. GitHub seems to handle it fine like that but you might need a `\)` instead for GitBook...

> A: As some of our longer term pilots may remember, Titanfall 2 (and other EA games) used to use a program called `Origin` to play games, however this has since been replaced by the EA App. This change, however, did not update the game's errors about Origin to say EA App, so any time you see that there's an issue with Origin, you can replace mention of Origin with the EA App.

Reviewer: I'd scrap the "longer term pilots" part. Also maybe link to Origin and/or EA App wikipedia pages? ^^

Reviewer 2: "ea desktop app wikipedia" google search brings up Origin lol, i literally cant find a page for it even searching inside the `Electronic Arts` page

### Q: Why is my game running so bad? <a href="#faq-performance" id="faq-performance"></a>

A: This usually lies behind your computer's specs not being high enough in order to run the game, but can also be affected by EA App's overlay. You can disable this by going to and following the [disable EA overlay section](installing-northstar/troubleshooting.md#ea-overlay).

### Q: Why does my game tell me there's an issue with Origin when I don't have Origin? <a href="#ea-replaced-origin" id="faq-ea-replaced-origin"></a>

> A: Titanfall 2 (and other EA games) used to use a program called [Origin](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_(service)>) to play games, however this has since been replaced by the EA App. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: Titanfall2 (and other EA games) used to use a program called [Origin](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_(service)>) to play games, however this has since been replaced by the EA App. 
```

> This change, however, did not update the game's errors about Origin to say EA App, so any time you see that there's an issue with Origin, you can replace mention of Origin with the EA App.

Reviewer: Phrasing

```suggestion
This change, however, did not update the game's error messages to say "EA App" instead of "Origin", so any time you see that there's an issue with Origin, you can replace mention of "Origin" with the "EA App".
```
